Alti refugee camp one of the biggest and
oldest camps in Gaza hit again by an
Israeli air strike one of the targets
was the home of Hamas political leader
isi where his extended family
lived at 2:00 in the morning they
targeted the house without prior warning
it's the house of abazi and his mother
the sister of Han we came because the
explosion was
strong several members of Han's family
were killed in the strike and others
injured children were screaming shouting
father father father I woke up to find
myself covered in blood we called the
ambulance and the civil defense but no
one came so we waited till the morning
for the ambulance and we got three
people
out but bodies are believed to still be
under the
rubble Han's family were taken to the
alah AL Arabi Hospital in Gaza City
along with others killed in the attacks
on the camp
what is the fault of the children what
is the fault of women all of this what
did they do wrong to deserve this they
were just sleeping in their
homes is Han who lives abroad is one of
hamas's public faces he was born in the
alhatti camp in April an Israeli air
strike in central Gaza killed three of
his sons and four of his
grandchildren H says he's lost about 60
members of his family since Israel's war
on Gaza began on the 7th of October
imagin Kimber Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer